 ---
layout: article
title:  Mountains are not mountains (or how we learn to see)
tags:   Zen
description: 
image:
tags: 
mode: immersive
header:
  theme: dark
article_header:
  type: cover
  image:
     src: /assets/curug_sawer.jpg
---
TESTING

This sentence discusses a concept^[concept definition]. Here's another point to consider^[another point]. 

[concept definition]: This is a detailed explanation of the concept mentioned earlier.
[another point]:  It's important to remember this additional detail to fully grasp the topic.

For further reading, check out this external article^[reference link] on the topic.

[^reference link]: https://www.example.com/in-depth-explanation (This is the full title of the article)

Some technical terms can be tricky. For instance, what does API stand for?^[API definition] 

[^API definition]: Application Programming Interface - it acts as a bridge between different software components. 

This paragraph mentions an interesting fact about history. 

... rest of your content ...

Here's an additional detail you might find helpful.²

... rest of your content ...

This is a left-sidenote explaining a specific point^[<left>].

[^<left>]: More context about the point mentioned earlier.


As our understanding improves over time, we may begin to view the mountain as a mountain once again. We are no longer compelled to explain everything in technical terms all the time. However, this shift in perspective is not a return to the starting point; rather, it's about approaching the situation with a renewed sense of clarity and appreciation. Your extensive knowledge of mountains will not distract you from enjoying the beautiful view because it has seeped into your mind[^1]. You will be more relaxed and nonchalant[^2].



[^1]: As we learn new information, we may forget what it was like to not having that knowledge. This can happen because the information becomes so ingrained in our minds that we may not remember the process of learning it. As a result, we can focus our attention on learning new, unfamiliar concepts and ideas. This phenomenon also happens to the curse of knowledge.

[^2]: Con-man and fake guru often mimic the relaxed and nonchalant attitude of a seasoned person to evoke an aura of charisma and expertise.
